Before Idea Implementation:

Before this implementation, testers used to fill all the mandatory fields for onboarding customer and approve the On-boarding customers was necessary to create test data for execution.

Following were the manual processes followed to on-board a customer through CICS screens,
1) Login with one user and need to fill all the basic details of a customer.
2) Mandatory fields should be filled in multiple screens / panels.
3) After filling all the fields.save the customer and note down the application ID.
4) After few minutes, approve the application and verify the approval status. 

This process was so monotonous and time consuming which led to lot of manual error's and in most cases ended up with insufficient test data.

Kaizen Idea:

Kaizen idea was to have an automated process through which customer details are entered and approved thereby On-boarding the customer easily.

An excel based macro utility was designed which would automatically fill the details of the customer and have ready to use data for execution.

Following is the process to complete On-boarding using macro.
1) Tester to provide the customer details in an excel untility.
2) Excel macro would provide all the data for mandatory fields and will be sent for approval.
3) Macro will automatically login with appropriate role credentials, search for the customer ID and then approves it.
4) Excel macro will store all the customer details in a data sheet for future reference.


After Idea Implementation:
Tester's doesn’t need to fill all customer details in multiple tabs and no need to approve with multiple roles.This tool will automatically fill all the details and apoproves it thereby onboard a Customer successfully.


Benefits:
• Saves time on creating preconditions (Onboarding customer) and so tester can focus more on execution instead of test data prep.
• Tester don’t need to fill all the customer details manually thereby reducing manual effort.
• Tester can choose what data required to be filled and remove unwanted data.

Personal / Team Value and Savings:
Calculation

Customer onboarded  for NorthStar and Pave Project 
550 Test Cases(150 Pave + 400 NorthStar) Customers onboarded. 

This is a continuos process and hence this tool can be reused for multiple releases in a year
Pave - Expected to have 2 releases in a year
CBR\Northstar - Expected to have 2 releases in a year

Hence In a year this macro can be used atleast 4 times i.e 550*4 = 2200 test cases
 
Before Automation:     
Time  Taken for onboarding one customer in Hrs = 0.35
     
After Automation:   
 Time taken for onboarding one customer in Hrs  = 0.03
 
Calculation Details: 
Manual Process:   
Time  Taken for onboarding one customer in Hrs =  0.35
On-boarding customer to be created for # of test cases = 2200
Total Time taken for onboarding 2200 customer in Hrs =770
 
Automated Process: 
   Time spent in creating the solution in Hrs =  4
   Total Time taken for onboarding  customer in Hrs =  0.03 
   On-boarding customer to be created for # of test cases = 2200
   Total Time taken for creating 2200 customers in Hrs =  70


Net Savings: Manual Effort - Automated Effort in Hrs = 700
  
With 20-80 Onsite Offshore ratio:
 Onsite Billing rate per hour in $ (blended rate)=  68
Total Onsite dollar savings in $  = 9520
"  Offshore Billing rate per hour in $ (blended rate) =  25
Total Offshore dollar savings in $  = 14000

 Total Savings =  $ 23520
